Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, glory to God.
I wasn't going to do a video today, but there's things on my heart that I would like to talk about.
Diana is behind the camera.
Hi.
And she said, "Honey, after you did that video last night and the anointing was so strong in the house and we were interceding," she says, "it's been on my heart all day long.
" You know, she's Apache and about the Trail of Tears and all of it, you know, about her ancestors and the Trail of Tears and the Native Americans and the suffering that they went through, you know, and all the different things, the hardship of people.
But she said, "I feel in my spirit there's something more to what you saw about the African-American population last night, Brandon, and I don't know what it is, but I'm going to start searching.
I want to study because I feel the spirit of the Lord has told me there's more.
" And so, she was sitting on the couch and she started just, you know, my wife's very intelligent and she's over there tapping away and she goes, "Oh, I found it.
" She came to me and she was crying, and she said, "Brandon, I found it.
" She said, "Everything the Lord," she goes, "the Lord is so strategic in timing.
" She goes, "Brandon, we live in Tulsa.
" And she said, "I just found the Tulsa race riots started on May 31st of 1921, and they went until June 1st.
" And she said 30 blocks of homes were burned from African-American men and women, businesses, everything.
And they called it Black Wall Street.
It was a wealthier part of one of the wealthiest black suburbs in America at the time.
And there were 800 people that were hurt.
Several—I think it was like 30, 40 people—lost their lives.
36 total: 26 African-Americans and 10 white.
Yep.
A very tragic thing.
And I just, wow, what was on, you know, when I come, you know, I let you in on something that's so private to Diana and me, our prayer time.
You don't allow—it's very, for me, it's taken a learning curve for me to let people in because this is my walk that I've had since I've been 16.
It's something I've developed.
And when you sit at the Father's feet, He shows you what's on His heart.
He shows you what's on His heart.
He shows you what He's compassionate about—things that you think have been forgotten.
Things like—I saw whenever I was in the spirit, I saw a rug, a big-looking rug, a throw rug, and it was being lifted up and it was used like a dustpan, and people wanted to brush all the dirt underneath it.
And He said, "I'm going to take that rug up and I'm exposing the darkness, and I'm exposing the dirt underneath that rug.
" Brandon, the hurt, the pain is real and it still exists in a lot of people.
And I'm ready to heal it.
I'm ready to set these people free.
But not only that, I saw Harriet Tubman, the African-American woman with the purple durag, and it was amazing, folks, is that I saw pictures of her—my son Googled her and we started looking—with purple durags just like I saw, with the white shirt, when she was doing the Underground Railroad.
But they called it Black Wall Street.
And if you remember last night, I kept seeing Wall Street, Wall Street, and I saw New York City.
And that was how the Lord was describing to me—not about New York City, it was a type and shadow of something that He was, because I'm seeing New York being painted in front of my face.
But He doesn't tell me "Tulsa Wall Street" because I wouldn't have understood.
He was talking to me directly about Wall Street in New York, and it was a type and shadow of what was going on with the race riots in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
And my mind was—I'm humbled that He would want to take a bald-headed white guy, come on YouTube, and want me to pray for something so precious to Him.
I don't know why me, all these people.
God, what He allowed me to see last night, none of you can understand it.
Even the African-American people that are here right now have a glimpse of what you've heard.
But I went into the depth of the heart of it in the spirit, and I could feel it in intercession.
Those people in chains and the pain they felt, so much God would give me glimpses of their heart.
And words can't explain to you the bondage and the hopelessness that they felt, similar to, I'm sure, what the children of Israel felt for 400 years.
But people, you can read a story, you can read a novel, you can read history books.
That's what I'm trying to say.
You can read history books, and you can hear about this woman with the purple rag, and we all think she's great, or Rosa Parks sitting in the back of the bus.
These people, we hear about them, and maybe somebody might have known them, but a story is nothing until you feel it.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
The Trail of Tears, I was there in the spirit realm.
I could see the children.
I could see these people walking in the snow.
I could see they were barefoot and their feet were blistering with frostbite walking across the land.
And I could see them, and they were so—they were tied up and they were going across the land, getting taken out of their area where they lived to be taken to Oklahoma, to these places, forced to leave, forced to do these things.
It's pain beyond anybody's comprehension, if it was mine.
And I'm not going to say here, "Well, I can relate, I can do all this.
" No, no, no.
I saw a glimpse.
It's like opening up a book and you see it, and you open it up, you get a glimpse of something.
But it's that way in the spirit.
I got a glimpse of something, something that was very hurtful.
And me as a white guy, I, like I said, I don't know why He chose me, but I am humbled, and I know what the Lord said.
He said, "I've not forgotten your prayers," and I've heard that echo inside of my spirit.
And I could see the prayers coming up from those African slaves in those camps with these wood huts, and they had little fires, and they were looking at the stars and they were looking at the North.
And it was interesting because that Tubman lady, it was about the North Star.
I could see the North Star.
I could see the Big Dipper.
I could see they were navigating by stars at night to get through because they didn't travel in the day.
So, they were trying to get through in the nighttime and they were using the stars as a map so they wouldn't get lost.
And that's what I was seeing in the spirit.
But they were looking for the North Star.
And I thought that was really interesting because that's how detailed these visions were last night.
I could see them, and they had little bitty fire torches, and they were trying to move through areas, and I was like, "What in the world, Lord?
" And as I'm looking and able to look over there, I see them praying and singing old songs.
And there were old—not Pentecostal songs, but old Bible songs like hymnals, old hymns, old songs that we don't sing anymore.
I was trying to listen because I was hearing, and this is what's amazing: I've never been in a vision and heard people singing before.
I could hear the African-American people singing, the women and the men, and it was a deep, heavy song.
It wasn't joyful.
It was heavy, like groanings in the spirit.
It was heavy, asking the Father for freedom.
"Where are you?
Why have you forgotten us?
Why are we going through this?
" crying out for the Father to redeem them and set them free.
And as I saw them praying, I saw a man named Abraham Lincoln.
And God raised up a man named Abraham Lincoln to do what he did to bring freedom to the slaves.
And I saw them murder him.
I saw all this stuff panned out, and he was a really tall man, and some people say, "Well, he was 6'4"," but with his top hat—I saw his hat, and it made him look like he was a lot bigger.
I'm telling you in the vision—and this is another thing—was everybody else a lot smaller?
Because he looked like he was head and shoulders above everybody, from these men that were below him.
So I'm like, well, maybe people weren't very tall back then.
I don't know, because when I saw him, he was like a really big guy in this black suit in the vision, and I'm still trying to figure out what I saw.
I'm like, was he standing next to kids?
I don't know.
All I know is I tell you these things, but I saw he was a lot bigger of a man than everybody else was.
So maybe everybody else is like 5'5" or something.
I don't know.
They didn't look like they were very big people.
Does it matter?
No.
I just try to figure it out.
I love when the Lord shows me things, and I take it very seriously.
It's His love language towards me.
It's intimacy.
It's how I learn how to communicate with Him.
And He shows me things.
And it's something that I never thought I would ever go public about to the point like I am now, that 70,000 people would look at it a day.
But I know a lot of you are just desperate and want intimacy with Him.
That's why you're here.
You want your own relationship.
And the Lord wants you to have it.
He's no respecter of persons, but He is a respecter of those that seek Him.
And I want to tell you, as you seek Him, you'll find Him.
But when He told me He was going to bring a restitution—restitution, but with interest.
With interest.
And people say, 'Well, how's that going to happen?
' I don't know.
It's in the spirit.
And if God said He would reward those and bring that to them, you can take it to the bank.
My Father is able.
I'm not going to question the God of the universe, the God of everything, and go, 'Well, how are you going to do that with my peanut brain?
' when He can make manna out of nothing, turn the water into wine, do all the things that He's always done, and do super exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
If He said He would do it, He's able, and I don't question it.
I just go, He told me to tell you for you to believe for it.
And those of you that are in the young generation, if those others have gone home—your elders have gone home, because I saw 80 years old, 90 years old, and I didn't know why I was seeing that.
But if you were a child in the 1921 race riots, you'd still be here probably, right?
That's only 104 years ago.
Yeah.
So if you were a child, you're still here probably, right?
No, well, no, to be born, they'd probably be dead.
Yeah, if possible.
I mean, they're like 106, 107.
It's very, very unlikely.
Pretty rare.
Very unlikely.
So, it's their grandchildren.
Yeah.
It would be their grandchild or their children.
Their children would probably still be here.
They were raised still up underneath that.
They're old, though.
That would be the 80 and 90 years old probably that I was seeing in the spirit realm.
The Lord was showing me that He was still bringing restitution for them.
Right.
So, wow.
It's just time goes.
But after I see what the Lord is showing me, for you to believe just like it was for Diana to believe for her ancestors—ancestors, they didn't get the restitution.
You know, they get Indian land, tribal benefits, and things like that.
And but the Lord was showing me making the wrong right, making the wrong right, that He had not forgotten it.
And it's not brushed underneath the rug.
It's time to take the rug off.
And the white folks, I realize there's a lot more ignorant people than what you think.
It's like Diana, and I told her we got some dumb emails, but you know what, people are...
it's the devil behind them.
They don't understand.
They're blinded by their own religious Pharisee, racist, bigoted ways.
And that's what it is.
I use these hard words, but my goodness, folks, we have some really ignorant people.
And you go, 'Okay, I'm not inciting any kind of violence.
I'm not inciting people to get upset.
' I'm trying to tell you the Father wants to restore you.
The Father wants to restore you.
And that's all it's about with me.
I'm obedient unto Him unto death.
And when He says speak, I speak.
And this is what the Spirit of the Lord wanted to say to you yesterday: that He loves you, and He's not forgotten you.
And the pain of the past, He's going to give you back more than what you ever...
it's more than sevenfold.
He said, 'I'm going to restore back all the money.
' So 400 years of wealth, if you'll believe for it.
400 years of family bloodline back pay with interest.
And I was like, that's millions of dollars in my opinion.
I mean, so believe God for big.
Believe God for big.
Why not?
If He said He would do it, believe for it.
And so that was what I had for you today of that, just rehearsing things.
Now, side note, that was precious in itself, but the things I'm seeing about Israel and the baby wrapped in the blanket with Israel, I don't understand all that.
A rebirthing, new things are going to take place.
So, what a patriotism.
There's something about patriotism from June, this next month today, going all the way into July—of patriotism.
There's something, and people say, 'You say what's going to happen in 24 hours.
' Everything will change within a 24-hour period whenever you'll see it.
I don't know.
That's just...
I just hear this, and I am like an antenna.
I have my little antenna up and you're picking up from the receiver.
I have my receiver, and I have the main broadcast going on, and my little antenna is going beep-beep like my little radio, and I'm picking up my radio, my Bible.
And I got this, and it's downloaded into me that God says that everything you know is going to change within a 24-hour period.
And I hear that and I go, I'm relaying it back as, 'This is what the Spirit of the Lord tells me to tell you.
' And everything's going to change within a 24-hour period.
Everything you know—a great shaking to awaken is coming.
A great shaking to awaken is coming.
I saw a great war breaking out with Israel and Iran in the days ahead.
And I told you back in January that I saw an American missile striking a mountain that was an underground city, and Iran set all kinds of deterrents trying to stop this missile.
It was a very powerful one.
But when Israel does this, I saw that they set Iran back financially, globally, nuclearly, everything.
They put them back in the Stone Age.
I heard the Spirit of the Lord say, 'They put them back in the Stone Age.
' But when they do this, they strike their oil and their gasoline plants, their petroleum plants, right?
I saw like gas, I saw, you know, these refineries.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
I'm trying, y'all, because, I'm telling you, these names and these big names, I don't use them.
Refineries.
I saw refineries.
And when they strike the refineries, I saw gas and oil prices skyrocketing.
I've warned you of this since 2023, about this for a season, for a season.
And then the Lord showed me in that vision the 1970 gas wars.
I saw cars lined up down the blocks because of gas shortages.
Now, if that still happens, I don't know, but this is what I saw.
This is in 2023.
And the Lord told me at this time that gas would skyrocket, and it would bring the price of oil up really high, really high.
I saw it going up to $200 a barrel, like big money trying to flow, which would stimulate the American economy.
It stimulated the American economy whenever these big oil productions get hit in the Middle East.
And it would happen for a season, for a window.
I don't know how long, for a window.
And I saw gas in the Mediterranean being drilled.
I saw the Gulf of—people want to argue America—Gulf of Mexico.
I don't care.
Call it what you want.
They were drilling, drilling, drilling, drilling.
And I saw, "drill, baby, drill.
" I saw pipelines being opened up, being worked out, making big agreements for pipelines.
The Nord Stream pipeline, I believe, is what it's called.
It was the big pipeline.
I saw it being talked about and opened up, working on it, just trying to get this pipe deal going, doing major oil big deals ahead, stimulating America's economy.
But when this happens, I saw great antisemitism because of people being mad at Israel about what they're about to do.
Remember this.
I saw them wanting to retaliate with war: Russia, Syria, Turkey.
I saw them getting upset, and the Middle East, against, "Well, you did all that.
We're going to come after you.
" So, will we see all this in the days ahead?
I don't know, folks.
All I know is these are visions that I've seen.
Have we changed it through prayer?
I don't believe we have.
We hear some of this on the news now.
Some of the things that I see take years to come to pass.
Sometimes it takes 10 years, you know, I don't know.
Sometimes it's months.
So, let's pray for President Trump.
Remember I told you I kept hearing him say, "I want to go about this...
" I told you in January, I said he said, "I want to go about this diplomatically.
I'm not pushing the button.
I'm not pushing the button, but Israel did it anyway.
" Remember?
But then I've been praying and I've told you all I see a black swan event.
We got to create a boogeyman.
I hear him say we have to create an enemy so that it justifies our reaction.
We're going to have to retaliate and make...
We have a ripe cause.
Like, you know they're bad.
We have to stop these bad people, right?
But all of it was about nuclear power, about oil, about a lot of things.
So, just what I've seen, you take it for what it's worth.
I mean, it's a lot to us, right?
Yes.
And we pray over it and I take everything the Lord shows me to prayer every single time, and I intercede over it, and this is my job.
You're just a part of it now.
It's very public, but it's what we do.
I've been doing it, like I said, for a long time.
My whole marriage.
Yes, for sure.
This is what we do, and we take notes and we write down what the Lord tells us.
And that's why it's become so big.
It wasn't like this at first.
It's taken development, and he would show me glimpses of things.
And as I've been faithful with little, he gives me more and more and more.
And now it's really cool because whenever I get close to...
Like, if we're believing for something and Diana says, "I need you to pray for me.
I'm overcoming a headache or something," you know, I don't know, I just give her an instance.
I can touch her now, or she can, or I can my kids, and the Lord will show me exactly what's going on and how to fix it, what to pray, everything.
And that's part of the healing part.
And it's developing and developing and developing.
And it's very interesting.
But I just told you something I don't ever talk about, but it's very interesting.
Amazing.
The root cause, everything, where it stems from, how it got there, things like that, with people.
And it's all glory to God, folks, because I am nothing without him.
It's all about Jesus and what he's done, and he gives us gifts to walk in.
I'm nothing special.
I'm just Brandon.
I'm just grateful that everybody would want to show up every single day and want to pray with me.
Thank you.
And there are some people so kind.
It's like one dear sister, "Hey, if everybody gives them a dollar, if everybody gives them a dollar, you can stop eBay and Poshmark.
" And I told Diana, I said, "Our people are kind, such good hearts.
" We thought about doing a book thing.
Diana and I pray about doing books; we pray about doing all these things.
But she said, even in the car, she said, "Brandon, even if I did a book deal, I could write a book, Brandon, but we are such givers that even if we did it, most people...
You see these big ministries, everybody writes a book about every year, and they sell them for $25 a piece.
And if they sell 100,000 copies of those, that's a lot of money.
You know, they're making millions.
" And so our heart is, immediately, we just want to give everything away.
And so she's like, "Even if I wrote the book, we would put all our finances into making a book and we would give it all away, Brandon," she goes, "because it would be hard.
It would bother me to sell a book for 25 bucks, unless the Lord told us to do it to fund our ministry.
" But my heart is to give, because freely I have received, freely I give.
I just...
Books, tapes, CDs.
I would wait for days, weeks, save up my money to be able to buy a tape series whenever a special guest speaker came to church.
And I would go, "Oh, Diana, can we use our tithes to buy those this month?
" Because that was our treat.
That was our treat.
And Diana goes, "Just think of if they were all free, how much further along we'd be.
" Because we had to wait for weeks to get it.
And when the next guest speaker came, we didn't have money to buy it, so we had to wait.
And so we were always trying to put money back to buy these tape series or CD series or MP4s or whatever.
And it was always like, oh.
She goes, "Which one can we have today?
" And I'm like, "Well, we get one.
We can have one.
It's $35.
" And she goes, "Oh, okay.
I see five I really want.
" That's the way we work.
We're always so hungry.
Thank God for YouTube now because we can find a lot of those on there.
We just push the button, it's there.
But back in the early 2000s and when we were kids, it was all like $5 a cassette tape, you know, five bucks.
And then when it was $5 a cassette tape times...
It was a four-cassette tape series.
If the series went on long, the more, the bigger, the more tapes there were, it'd be up to 100 bucks.
And we were like, "Oh my God, it's so much money.
" And we were so excited to get it if we put our money back.
So I always tell her, I said, "Can we take our tithe and do it?
" You know, because I'm so hungry.
But even doing stuff like that now, I go, "Diana, could you even imagine?
" I mean, because I feel guilty.
I wouldn't be able to do it.
I just give it all away.
I remember those days.
To give a book away, you know, hungry.
Golly, I'm crying too much today.
I got to cry again.
Most people went to movies, but we just saved all our money to buy tapes and books.
It's the way it's always been, though.
You just want change so bad in your life, and you know that the word would change you if you can get it in you.
And there are so many ministers that charge for that stuff, and I'm not condemning it.
I know it costs money to get it out.
I get it.
But in my heart, you'd go bankrupt because I'd give everything I have, these books, all this stuff.
And I see all these big ministers make books all the time.
They've got brand new books.
"I've got a brand new book, $35, 25 bucks.
" And I'm like, "Oh, yeah, and now I could buy it.
" But it's not the point.
There's a lot of you that couldn't.
And I remember the day that I couldn't.
And that's why it's like, "Do you want to write a book?
" People ask me, "Brandon, write a book.
" People come to me all the time: "Write a book.
" And I'm like, even if I did, a book deal wouldn't do you any good.
It bothers me to want to charge for it.
Maybe I shouldn't be that way.
Maybe it should be that I charge for it for the ministry and grow it that way, and, say you sell 100,000 books at $25 a piece, you fund your ministry, and maybe that's how it works.
I don't know.
I'm new to all this, y'all.
I'm new to all of it.
But I'm hungry and I want more, and I seek the Lord.
But then there are people who say, "You know, we had that t-shirt thing on there," and I thought, "Well, everybody likes a t-shirt for 25 bucks, you know?
They want to support us, you know, whatever.
" And I had it on there, and I took it down because they were too slow and I didn't have anybody to make good t-shirts.
But I thought, "Well, everybody has to wear clothes.
Clothes are not free, but if they put a design on them, they want to wear a t-shirt to church, you know?
" So, I thought that's kind of neat.
But then the company said, "You should be charging this," but I charged a lot less than what it was because I wanted people to have it for a good deal.
And I told them, I said, "I feel bad charging high-dollar prices, four times what it's worth.
You know, people work hard for what they have.
" When you make what I made being a janitor for so long—you clean all that nasty stuff, all those toilets, and you do that for so long, and clean out the brownie bags, clean out the feminine cans, and do all the things that I did by the thousands—you just respect people more.
And I don't cry about this.
There's just a lot I'm dealing with.
But it is just interesting because of what the Lord is just talking to me.
He's just dealing with me a lot.
So, I appreciate all of you.
I appreciate you coming.
I appreciate Diana.
We love this prayer time with you, that we could just teach even just one of you how to touch the hem of His garment with what we've done, and that the intimacy of our relationship would become real to you.
Maybe it would inspire you.
You know, this is my book, so that you could be inspired.
I think I was just so touched that the Father would want me to pray for the African-American people the way He did last night and have it be on me so heavy today with the anointing.
What an honor!
I thought, "What an honor to touch a great group of people and be able to be a part of their journey, and just pray for them like I did.
" I got to just for that 24 hours, and it's like today it was still so heavy on me, and I thought, "Who am I, Lord, that the God of the universe, the 'I AM THAT I AM,' would come and visit me and say, 'Hey, I have an assignment for you.
You live in Tulsa.
'?
" He could have used anybody.
There are so many amazing ministers around here.
He could have used anybody, but I do this in my little room in my house with a green screen, and I just come on here and tell you about Jesus.
So, let's pray today.
I pray this video blessed you and what we said.
I just thought it was cool just to talk about some things and just be more real, you know.
So, all right.
Well, let's pray today.
All right.
Let's see if the Lord shows us anything else new today.
It's His time.
All right.
I'm going to take communion.
I'll take it with you.
I don't want this to become, you know, whenever you desensitize it when you do something so robotically that it loses meaning.
That's why I skipped it yesterday.
The Lord said to me, He goes, "Don't let this become robotic, taking a wafer, taking the juice, and not going deep inside your heart of what it truly means.
Don't let it become a religious ritual.
" A ritual.
Thank you.
A ritual that you do that is just like putting on your shoes or your clothes, right?
This is holy.
This deserves great respect.
This is something that cost somebody everything—our Lord and Savior.
Do you understand?
This cost Him everything.
He paid the price for everything, and this is what it represents.
This isn't something that you do like putting on your clothes or taking a bath.
This is holy.
And whenever the Holy Spirit tells me, He says, "Brandon, you're not being respectful enough with it in your heart.
Be reverent.
Reverence.
Pause.
It's holy.
" So, we go to Him with holy communion.
We go to Him because His blood is enough for you and me.
We go to Him because He is worthy of our praise.
He is—this is beautiful.
This is relationship.
This is not religion.
This is not Catholic.
This is not Protestant.
This is relationship.
Do you understand?
To me, it is.
It may be something else to you because of the way you were raised, but this is something that has become so holy to me, precious.
This is my key and my ticket.
I sit at His feet.
You want to know a relationship?
This is what based it: communion.
It's why I'm so big on it, because it was something that came out of hard times.
This came out of hell, going through it, going to Him and saying, "Father, I need You.
I need more of You.
" And that's why I look at it probably so much more differently than everybody else.
And there are a lot of you that get very mad at me.
"You just honor it.
You do this.
" No, no, no.
I honor it with my whole heart.
This means more to me than anything you can ever imagine.
This means more to me than some priest giving it to me.
This means to me something so much more than what you can ever comprehend.
So, Father, I lift it up before You today, and I thank You.
I thank You for Your body that was broken for us, something so holy and so innocent for me.
I come before Your feet, not as an adult, but as a child with childlike faith.
"Father, I'm broken.
I need You to fix it.
" All the pains, all the hurts, all the things that I go through on a day-to-day basis, Father, You make me whole.
You put the pieces back together again.
And all these people that are hurting from race riots, all the things in the past from all these deep roots of pain throughout the whole world—there's been like, I was criticized so much.
"There's so many more people than that, Brandon.
" But those are the ones the Lord had on His heart yesterday, from the Jews that got in the camps with Hitler and all the stuff with the Holocaust.
So much pain from so many people.
We know that a lot of people have went through a lot of things over the course of history.
But so we just lift up every single ethnic group all around the world.
No matter what you've been through, Jesus knows all the pain you go through.
Every tribe, every tongue, doesn't matter how far it lies.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in freedom from that pain.
Jew, Gentile, all of us.
Thank you, Father.
I take this body in the name of Jesus, and I thank You that whom the Son has set free is free indeed today.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus, and we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for setting us free today.
We are free, and we receive it by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We're free today.
Thank you, Lord.
We take it right now in Jesus' name.
We're healed and whole and well in our bodies, every single one of us.
Now, Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over every single one of us.
We apply the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We take this blood and we apply it to the top of our head, to the soles of our feet.
And we thank You, Lord, that You wash us and we're made new.
We thank You, Father, that we can sit at Your feet today, because it's only by Your blood that we're able to.
And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for everything You've done in the mighty name of Jesus.
Hallelujah!
Isn't He wonderful?
It's like brother Hagin used to say, "Isn't Jesus wonderful?
" I love that.
We have it at the back of our church on a big sign.
It's painted: "Isn't Jesus wonderful?
" He's wonderful.
And it's so much that He cares about every single one of your needs.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small; God has provided for it all.
He loves you, and He died for you, and He rose again on the third day.
He is seated at the right hand of the Father, making intercession for us.
Isn't He wonderful?
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
And guess what?
He's coming back again.
He's coming back again for every single one of us.
Those that have their name written in the Lamb's Book of Life, he is coming back for you.
I believe it, and he's coming soon.
We see the signs of the times all around us.
There's no fear.
A lot of people are freaked out right now.
We haven't even seen nothing yet.
I'm just telling you what's coming.
And why are a lot of people freaked out?
I said, "You've got to stay vertical for the days that I saw coming ahead.
If you go horizontal," I said, "men's hearts will fail them for fear.
" So the Bible said, "But if you stay vertical, you're all right.
" Let's pray today together and let's see what he has.
All right.
I love dipping in the river with you.
You can just dip in the river.
It's like I just go out there and we're going to go tubing.
We've got a big tube.
We're going down the Holy Ghost River together, and let's go out there and wade out into the deep water.
Holy Spirit, we are just so thankful that you're an ever-present help in a time of need.
We sit at your feet, oh Lord, and we thank you, Lord.
We're so thankful, Father, Holy Spirit.
And I tell you this, if you're singing a song, it's not for anybody's entertainment; you're singing a song to him.
And you may not know all the words, kind of like how I did yesterday.
I don't know all the words to these songs.
I hear them being sung in the spirit, and instead of saying, "Diana, I need you to look up the words," I just sing what I'm hearing the best I can.
I don't know that "Mine eyes have seen the coming of the glory of the Lord.
" I don't know the words, and there's a lot of songs I do that with.
But I make a joyful noise unto the Lord.
And that's what Diana—we don't know the words.
I said, "Babe, will you help me look up those words?
" Because I'm telling you, I don't know what those words are, but I know he loves to hear me sing to him.
He knows our heart.
He loves to hear you sing to him.
And if you just sing to him, it could be something you make up like a child, and the glory will come down.
It's not even a real song.
When our kids were little, they didn't know all the words to some songs, but it was so precious when they would insert their own words to the words they didn't know, but they got the main chorus right, and that was what mattered.
Paisley still does it.
I know.
It's adorable.
She gets it from her daddy.
She's singing, and I say, "Oh, I know.
" That's what the Lord's probably doing, just like we do with her.
She sings it with her whole heart, and she's just singing.
I think that's the way he looks at us.
Oh, how he loves you and me.
He gave his life, what more could he give?
Oh, how he loves you, oh, how he loves me.
Oh, how he loves you and me.
He gave his life, what more could he give?
Oh, how he loves you, oh, how he loves me, oh, how he loves you and me.
I like this one.
This is an old one from when I was a kid.
I feel the presence of the Lord.
The glory of God.
Okay.
Jesus loves the little children, all the children of the world.
Red and yellow, black and white, they are precious in his sight.
Jesus loves the little children of the world.
He loves everyone.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you for your presence, Lord.
We praise you, Father.
Thank you.
Jesus loves me, this I know, for the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to him belong; they are weak but he is strong.
Yes, Jesus loves me.
Yes, Jesus loves me, the Bible tells me so.
Such a simple little song.
Oh, Father, we worship you today.
Praise you, Father.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, sing it to him.
You are welcome in this place.
Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome here in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
For in your presence there's healing divine.
Do you believe that?
No other power can heal, Lord, but thine.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
For in your presence there's healing divine.
No other power can heal, Lord, but thine.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Oh, Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome.
You are welcome.
I see, pray for South Korea.
We decree it so, we decree it so that South Korea will not go communist.
There will not be an Iron Curtain over South Korea.
They will maintain it, and there will be no election fraud in the name of Jesus.
That the righteous would rise up and they would keep their freedoms.
We take authority in the name of Jesus as a body over the spirit of communism.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that it will not take root or have any fruit in South Korea, that you'll give them one last call.
You'll separate them for one last time, giving them one last chance to rise up and claim what belongs to them.
That there will not be a communistic spirit flowing in over their land.
We take authority over this in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you'll give them a window.
I call a border, a bloodline over this area in the name of Jesus.
For it will be an entrance point for the Asian prayers.
I see an entrance point for the great revival.
It will start here—a great revival.
I see it even starting in Japan.
A great fire, a great revival.
There's great corruption here.
I see a lot of sexual perversion here.
There's some very, very dark businessmen here.
I'm looking at them.
But there will be a great, great revival come here with the youth, with the younger generations.
They say, "Well, they're godless.
They're godless.
" Oh, but if I just get a crack...
I see Taiwan—a plan for China to take Taiwan again.
I see it.
I see battleships all around Taiwan.
I see on the calendar, I see a date.
I'll tell you what I just saw: I saw a great revival coming to America again.
I'll share that part of it.
I saw a great humbling coming.
I saw what looked like wooden platforms made of logs, built like a Jewish—where they get married.
They go up like poles, and it has the...
It's not a dreidel.
A dreidel is a top.
A Hanukkah is not...
No, it's some kind of wedding thing they get married underneath.
And I saw this, and it's made with olive wood.
I could see carvings on it, and I could see a revival.
Now, this is interesting—I could see fire on it.
A wedding arch, an arbor, or a chuppah.
A chuppah is what it's called.
Now, I don't understand what this means.
I see this thing, but I saw fire—and not a fire of burning like you would light something on fire, but a fire that is never dying in the middle of this chuppah thing in the center of it.
And I could see people in brush arbor churches in the country having revival.
But I saw in the middle of this altar thing—it looked like it was beautifully decorated with carvings in it, and it had all kinds of carvings in this wood.
And this was on the Oklahoma-Texas border area up in here.
Okay.
And I saw a revival coming with a fire that was not consuming the wood on this altar—a fire that is not consuming wood, a fire that was almost sustained by itself in the air.
The Holy Ghost and fire in the middle of this, for the bridegroom is coming.
The bridegroom is coming, and he's getting ready for the bride in the middle of this Jewish altar thing.
I don't know what this is, but the Lord spoke to me, and I heard it in the spirit when my eyes were closed, and he said, "This represents the Jewish culture, Brandon, and this represents a bridegroom and a bride, and the fire is on the altar.
My son's return is imminent.
" I hear him say, "This represents a wedding.
" I hear the spirit of the Lord say this.
I see a chuppah thing—this thing.
It's what my wife looked up because I don't know what this is.
All I know is it has...
I hear olivewood, olivewood carved with olive-looking leaves.
I'm looking at it right now.
It's very detailed.
This altar thing is beautifully carved, and there's a fire on it, and it represents the spirit of the Lord.
And I'm telling you by the spirit of America, there's a great revival coming.
There's a great revival coming.
A great shaking to awaken is coming.
The king is coming.
Yeah.
Do you see this?
Do you see?
But the one I saw, I don't know if you can even see that.
Maybe Braden will have to put it on there.
The one I saw had decorations and stuff all underneath this thing, but it actually had a wood foundation to it.
This one's hollow at the bottom, but the one that I saw had actual wood at the floor.
It was held up by the floor, and it was held up...
it was almost like a hut.
And then, seemingly in despair, "What in the world, Lord?
Does that represent depression?
" I see grayness upon the land.
I see grayness upon the land that looks...
I've told you all this before.
It looks like volcanic ash on the east.
Again, it looks...
and most people last time said this is nuclear fallout, but I have no idea.
It looks like vog.
It looks like gray soot.
That almost looks like...
whenever you dump ash out of a fireplace.
I see that from Louisiana, and I'm going up the Mississippi.
I see the sun.
I see it.
This is not to cause fear.
I see a volcano.
This is a massive volcano.
And in the middle of that volcano, there's a great explosion that's about to take place—a great explosion, a great volcano.
I'm talking this is a massive volcano.
This is not just one of those little volcanoes you see; I'm talking like this thing is a mile wide, a big, humongous volcano.
And I'm seeing Hawaii, and I don't even know if they have a volcano that big in Hawaii, but this is like a massive volcano.
I'm seeing tropics, I'm seeing a massive volcano, but I see it is awakened.
I hear, "Awake.
" Many, many in the days ahead, volcanic reactions, for this is a sign.
I even see it in Japan.
I see that big mountain with all the snow on the top of it, and where the berries are like a thumb—Goji berries.
I see Goji berries.
I see the volcano coming alive.
I see a volcano coming alive.
And it's only by grace that it's not gone off so far.
And there are some in Alaska, all on the seaboard.
I see, and they call it the Ring of Fire.
The Ring of Fire is erupting.
The Ring of Fire, the things in the ocean—this is going to be a sign.
There's great pressure on the earth, there's great shifting on the earth, there's great things on the earth.
Oh, we've not seen anything like what's about to take place in thousands of years, like, a long time.
I see Seattle again, baby.
I just saw a glimpse of Seattle again.
I see that...
what the Lord said is the Space Needle you're looking at.
That's what he said, I heard him—that thing in Seattle.
I see it again.
That's why I know it's in Seattle, and I see a tsunami wave.
I see a wave.
Do not fear.
Yes, Lord.
Open it up.
I fear God, not man.
All the thoughts, Father, I say what you say.
All right, let's go on.
Come up higher.
I say, "Come up higher today.
" You're running out of time.
You're running out of time.
Oh, my harvesters.
I've assembled my harvesters.
It's time to prepare for the harvest, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
For I am the Lord of the harvest, and I have my harvesters assembled here.
My harvesters are assembled, and it's time to come up higher.
It's time to come up higher with the fire.
They're coming in hot.
There'll be great shakings all around you.
There'll be great shakings all around you—shakings in the ocean, shaking in the land, shaking in the earth's crust.
The powers of heaven will be shaken.
I see shaking in volcanoes, shaking in the ocean volcanoes.
There'll be shaking all around the world.
There's a great shaking to come.
Signs in the sun, even more to come, more than what you saw today.
He says watch more of the solar activities.
There's influence on this.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say there's influence.
There's influence with asteroids, with comets, things that will start to be fearful sights.
You will see fearful sights.
But fear not, my bride.
Fear not, my beloved.
They're coming in hot.
The lost are going to be coming in hot.
They're coming in fast.
He's laughing.
A shaking in the economy is yet to come—a shaking in the world's economy.
A great shaking.
I see dollars falling.
And as they fall, when they get to about right here, they turn into digital currency.
They're falling in the sky like leaves off a tree.
They're falling like leaves off a tree.
These are $100 bills.
It's a money tree.
Is that a money tree?
And they're falling off the tree.
I see this massive oak tree, and the leaves are falling off—they are $100 bills and they're falling off.
And as they fall down, they turn into digital before they hit the ground.
A great, great financial shaking is yet to come.
I've given you a window, my son.
I've given you a window.
I told you I would.
The plan was to let it go, but because of the intercessions, I've given you more time.
Pushing back things through prayer.
Giving more time, giving more time, pushing things back through prayer.
For many of my beloved were not ready.
Oh, he's such a good father.
I see his heart.
Oh, if you waste this window, he says, "Oh, woe unto you that waste this window.
" Many of you all are like an ostrich with their head in the sand.
Your life will not go on as status quo, for time is short.
Many of you would like it to.
You say the rapture is intrusive.
This is intrusive.
The end times are intrusive.
I hear him say, "You say the end times are intrusive.
I don't want to live this.
I don't want to go through this.
It's intrusive.
" So, you don't take it seriously when I give you a window.
That's what he said.
I hear him talking.
"You don't take it seriously when I give you a window.
Don't squander this time that I've given you, for this is the last call.
This is the last window.
Set yourself up for success and not failure, for you're my beloved.
Set yourself up for success and not failure.
" And you say, "How do I do that?
" Stay vertical.
Come up underneath me.
Come up higher in your prayer life.
Come up higher in your time.
You say, "How do I get ready?
" Read more.
Pray more.
Spend more time.
Die more to self.
Weep more for the lost.
It's through travail.
I hear him say it's through travail.
This is through travail.
I know this is through travail with deep groanings, words that cannot be uttered, words from the depth of the spirit, groanings.
He's watching and waiting to come back.
I see him in anticipation.
He's watching.
Do you remember I told you Jesus was standing at the door waiting for his father's instruction?
He said, "I'm waiting at the door.
" And I said, "What are you doing, Lord?
You're standing at the door.
" He said, "I'm coming.
I'm waiting on my father's instruction to open the door, Brandon, to get you.
" Remember?
Yeah.
I see the father in the glorious light, and he's watching.
Time as we know it is about to change forever.
Everything we've ever known is about to change forever.
He's giving us a window.
That's how much he loves us.
Upon the land, all around the land, people are going to come in hot.
Which is interesting is it's over here.
He was up here.
I could see the father.
Great, great light.
I know that was him.
You can't make out a structure.
It's like the sun.
But on the edge, there's the edge of humanity.
And I could see the oceans coming in, this fresh water.
And there was a cliff, and he was looking out over that cliff.
I don't know why I've seen that.
But go back to that bridegroom on that olive tree.
The groom was there waiting as a fire for us.
The bride was not there, but the groom was waiting.
There was fire, an uncontrolled fire, like a fire without anything holding.
It was a fire by itself.
The Holy Spirit and fire was on that bride's altar, and I saw a great outpouring.
He's waiting.
You hear me?
He's giving us a window.
He says again and again.
As America goes, so does the world.
He says, "Some of the biggest tsunamis and some of the biggest earthquakes this world has ever known are about to take place.
" I need to say that again: some of the biggest tsunamis and some of the biggest earthquakes this world has ever known are about to take place.
Now, I don't know if I'm looking into the tribulation or not, ladies and gentlemen, but I'm telling you by the spirit of the Lord, I see the ring of fire.
I see great shaking and pressure on the earth's crust there.
And I see Italy.
I see Italy.
And the Lord said, "If you are afraid of man and not afraid of me, you're unusable for what's about to take place.
You're unusable if you're afraid of man and not me.
Be bold as a lion for what I'm going to tell you to see and say.
Be bold as a lion.
Come up higher.
I've given you a window.
Everything is about to kick off.
A grand finale.
The grand finale.
That's what I hear him say.
'The grand finale.
' He said, 'Remember, these are great days of fun, for the fun has just begun.
' That's what he said.
'The fun has just begun.
A harvest is fun, for I am the Lord of the harvest, and I've given you the equipment to get the job done.
' And I see that barn full of the Holy Ghost and fire, and I'm distributing it in this hour.
And I'm pouring out my spirit, another great wave of my presence, a greater outpouring, a greater manifestation of my glory is coming on my bride—the ones that will yield as I come along the side.
You see, they're like one.
We're one.
Holy Ghost and fire, we're one.
We're walking in sync with each other.
We're together.
We're one.
He dwells on the inside of us.
We're walking together.
People think God is so far off.
He is ever-present, a help in time of need.
He is right here.
He dwells on the inside of us.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He's not some far-off distant God.
He's right there.
We're walking hand in hand like he's walking beside you.
'Great days of fun have just begun.
' I hear him say it again.
'Brandon, Brandon, great days of fun have just begun.
It's time to have fun.
It's time to look up, for your redemption draws nigh.
' I'm not out of mercy.
They're coming in hot.
There'll be great fearful sights you will see that will bring them to their knees.
In a matter of moments, so many people will be running to the church.
What will they get when they get there?
He's talking about us.
He's waiting at the altar.
So, Lord, is there anything else you want to say today?
I honor you, Father.
He said, 'Yes, greater shaking than what you could ever imagine.
This is greater.
' And he said, 'Many of you will fear if you don't stay vertical.
Many, many people will get in fear if they don't stay vertical.
This is by design, and it's for a purpose.
It will not be prayed away.
This is the harvesting mechanism.
' Do you see?
These things have to happen to get their attention.
He's talking about the world.
'I wish that none should perish, that all come to repentance.
' When the anointing's on me like this, I could sit in this for a long time.
I'm not after the correction, I just got about not fearing you all, and not worried about what you think.
I mean, seriously, I refuse to get on the other side and say, 'Well, you know, I couldn't use you to the fullest because you feared these people.
' I couldn't give a flip what y'all think.
There's going to be haters, there's going to be mockers, but either way, who cares?
What I just saw scares the fire out of me.
You know what I'm saying?
The fear of the Lord—he is God.
It freaks my flesh out.
And I just say, people have no idea who they're dealing with and what he is.
He is God.
People have a 'Well, what's God?
God is God.
' No, no, no, no.
God.
God is God.
He could, at just a glance, burn you up.
Do you understand?
He reframes himself out of just grace.
He is grace.
God is love, and he is grace.
He could burn you up just like—not even a snap of a finger.
At a snap of a finger, he could destroy a world.
I'm just saying, you know, he is God, and there is no reverence and there is no fear of him because people are ignorant.
And I'm here to tell you, the world is about to change, ladies and gentlemen, beyond anybody's comprehension.
And underneath this anointing of what I feel right now, I'm telling you, it's time to get your heart right.
It's time to repent and get your heart right before a holy God.
It's time to get your heart right before a holy God.
Many of you all are living in compromise and sin, and you're riding the fence.
But I tell you that there is no riding the fence.
He wants you either hot or cold, but if you're lukewarm, he said he would spew you out of his mouth.
It's time to get your heart right before a holy God.
I say this in all reverence and fear of what I just saw.
The powers of the heavens will be shaken.
People, you have no idea what's coming.
I say this not to scare you, but to prepare you.
You need to get your heart right with Jesus Christ right now.
You need to cry out for mercy right now and say, "Father, forgive me of my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
" If you are not born again, you are running out of time.
Stop playing games with eternity.
Stop playing games with your future.
There is no future outside of Jesus Christ.
There is no future outside of the Lord Jesus.
He is our future.
He's waiting at the altar.
Do you know him today?
I did not say, "Do you know about him?
" I said, "Do you know him?
Do you know him as Lord and personal Savior?
" If you don't, today's your day.
You say, "Man, this whole thing is weird.
" No, it's real.
Jesus Christ is coming.
And if you don't know him, I want you to say this prayer after me right now.
It's time to come home.
It's time to accept Jesus Christ today.
You say, "Brandon, this whole thing, this is all strange.
I don't know about all this stuff.
" I do.
God's giving you a window of repentance.
No man is promised tomorrow.
You may die tonight in your sleep.
You may die on the way.
You may tie your shoes going to work today, but the undertaker takes your shoes off tonight and you never make it home.
You need to repent.
It's time.
Let's say this prayer.
Say this after me.
Say, "Jesus Christ, I am a sinner and I need a Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Forgive me of my sins.
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died on the cross for me and you rose again on the third day and you're seated at the right hand of the Father right now making intercession for me.
I believe that you are my Lord and Savior today.
I want to make you my Lord and Savior.
Write my name in that Lamb's Book of Life.
Do all the things that I need to do to get saved.
I don't want to go to hell.
I need you.
Jesus, forgive me for all my transgressions.
Forgive me of what I've done.
Forgive me.
I confess my sins and you said you'd be faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
You're a holy God and I need a holy savior.
Glory to God.
I believe if you said that today, you are born again.
I believe your name is written in that Lamb's Book of Life that we just talked about.
I believe Jesus forgave you.
As far as the east is from the west, your sins are forgiven.
Today, you're a brand new creature created in Christ Jesus.
I believe the best is yet to come for you.
Now find a Bible-believing church.
Come on this channel, pray with us every day.
Read your Bible.
If you don't have a Bible, Diana and I, my wife, will give you a Bible for free.
If you can't afford a Bible, you say, "Brandon, I can't even afford a Bible.
I just watched this broadcast by accident.
" It wasn't an accident that you watched this broadcast because most people would have clicked off a long time ago.
But by being curious about what you're hearing about me, you came here to see more about Jesus.
And I'm telling you, Jesus is real to me.
And I want you to get a Bible.
Get that Bible.
We'll give it to you for free.
We'll send it to you from Amazon.
You just have to email us.
Email us in the description down below.
Say, "I need a Bible.
" Tell us your address.
We will never solicit you.
We don't want it for anything bad.
We just need it to send the Bible to you.
And we'll send the Bible to you, and we'll bless you with one for free, just a gift from us, just to say congratulations.
And we want to celebrate with you in your decision to accept the Lord Jesus Christ.
And so you go to a Bible-believing church, get water baptized, tell the people there, say, "I got born again watching a broadcast on YouTube and I want to get water baptized.
" Get water baptized and come and tell us about it.
We're excited.
You tell us in the comment section, say, "I got born again today.
" We want to rejoice with you today.
If you gave your heart to Jesus Christ, we want to rejoice.
We'll celebrate with you.
Tell everybody.
We got a community of people here that will celebrate with you.
And we're excited that you gave your heart to Jesus today.
So, please tell us down below if you gave your heart to Jesus today.
If you did, then tell us about it, and we'll send you a Bible or whatever.
So, we rejoice with you.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
They made the best decision, huh?
It's the best day.
The angels are rejoicing in heaven.
A day to remember.
Well, I think that's all I have for you today.
We'll pray again.
And we'll keep going before and praying every time, ladies and gentlemen.
The anointing of the Holy Spirit is so strong on these prayer sessions.
And he has so much to say about these end times.
But I want to make sure that we want to give every person an opportunity to accept him.
Yes.
So, glory to God.
Well, thank you.
If you could and you're here, like, subscribe, click the notification bell, do all the things it does.
This is for the algorithm.
I don't care about it, but I'm telling you, this is what promotes.
It gets this gospel throughout the whole world.
We need that because YouTube, that's how it works, and their ads and all the stuff they do.
So, we just want to say thank you for being here today.
Thank you truly.
We appreciate every single one of you.
I still feel the anointing all over me.
Yes.
I say glory to God.
Keep going after the camera is off.
Yeah, we'll go.
It's going on two hours.
So, but praise the Lord.
Thank you for being with us today.
We will catch you all again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all.
We'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.